[docs][ios-developer-mode]: Add info about Developer mode not available in some cases (#19134)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/ios-developer-mode.md

This does not apply to builds signed using enterprise provisioning, nor to any builds installed on an iOS simulator.

> To enable Developer Mode on your iOS 16+ device, follow these instructions after installing your app (once per device):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Developer Mode on your iOS 16+ device, follow the instructions below (once per device). On some devices, the option to enable it might now show until the build is installed.
```

Thanks for this! I recently ran into the same issue and observed some other developers also did. Just add a small improvement to match the current flow of the documentation. For some developers, this option is already being shown by default (Not sure why that is).

Author: Thanks! This is a great improvement.

> To enable Developer Mode on your iOS 16+ device, follow the instructions below (once per device). On some devices, the option to enable it might now show until the build is installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Developer Mode on your iOS 16+ device, follow the instructions below (once per device). On some devices, the option to enable it might not show until the build is installed.
```

Well, I made a typo, so this fixes it.
